GH-3464: Treat 0 as special for polling endpoint (#3487)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/asciidoc/endpoint.adoc

====

The `maxMessagesPerPoll` property specifies the maximum number of messages to receive within a given poll operation.
This means that the poller continues calling `receive()` without waiting, until either `null` is returned or the maximum value is reached.
For example, if a poller has a ten-second interval trigger and a `maxMessagesPerPoll` setting of `25`, and it is polling a channel that has 100 messages in its queue, all 100 messages can be retrieved within 40 seconds.
It grabs 25, waits ten seconds, grabs the next 25, and so on.

> If `maxMessagesPerPoll` is configured for the negative value, then `receive()` is called withing a single polling cycle until it returns `null`.
> Starting with version 5.5, a `0` value has a special meaning - skip `receive()` call altogether, which may be treated as a pausing for this polling endpoint.
> The `maxMessagesPerPoll` can be changed to a different value later on, e.g. via Control Bus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `maxMessagesPerPoll` is configured with a negative value, then `MessageSource.receive()` is called within a single polling cycle until it returns `null`.
Starting with version 5.5, a `0` value has a special meaning - skip the `MessageSource.receive()` call altogether, which may be considered as pausing for this polling endpoint until the `maxMessagesPerPoll` is changed to a n non-zero value at a later time, e.g. via a Control Bus.
```
